Back in hour running application let's open the Network tab in our def tools you're here if we have
a look at it we see why increase that a little bit that we get a whole lot of files being loaded year
which are rather big.
The biggest one being this file with 3.3 megabytes at the point of time I record this video this might
be smaller when you're watching this because the angler team is constantly improving the code.
Now if we really deep you see that gets downloaded every time if caching is disabled now with ahead
of time population we should see that this will shrink because again these Wender code which is this
big chunkier includes the compiler and so on.
Now I also will have a section of course where I show how to build angler project with out the seal
I there I will also show how to add ahead of time computation to it.
But since we use the Seelye in this whole course and it is a great tool to say that here is how you
can use ahead of time compilation we have to Seelye I cancel TNG or sirf process and then you can basically
run Engy build which will build your project and if you run it like this it would build it just like
it builds and when you run and you serve you can add dash dash Prod. to build it for production which
means it tries to optimized code and it magnifies to code but it still doesn't use ahead of time compilation.
Now besides Spalding for production which again many Feis code and so on.
You can also add a dash dash 8 OT to also use ahead of time compilation.
If I now hit enter it will bolt this whole project for protection many fine to code and using ahead
of time compilation which means it will strip out the compiler and all these things.
Now let's finish this process and then let's see how our files look like.
I opened the folder of my project here in the Finder and I went to the dist folder which is created
once you run ngi build and here you see a whole lot of files were created.
The interesting one for us here is defend or enty main file.
The main file contains our application code that is now only 50 kilobytes big anti-wind or a file is
980 kilobytes big.
Remember that was free point.
Free megabytes.
Now also one important thing.
That's still a Robert big but it's not just cept in a typical application which you serve.
You would Receptus or the server which hosts your apps Jesus is automatically to ship it and then this
will shrink even more so then it will be really much smaller.
But still comparing free point free megabytes to 900 kilobytes should show you what A.R.T. option does.
And yes as it's not all happening just because of a head of time compilation but also because of minification
which is not related to it.
But still ahead of time compilation really has an impact here.
And as mentioned before it will also speed up the startup time of your application.
So definitely something you should use when deploying your application.